Update ssl.md (#130)
rundeck/docs: en/administration/security/ssl.md

% Configuring SSL

> This document describes how to configure Rundeck for SSL/HTTPS support, and assumes you are using the rundeck-launcher standalone launcher.  If you are using RPM/DEB install, refer to the appropriate configuration file paths from [Configuration -> Configuration Layout](../configuration/configuration-file-reference.html#configuration-layout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to configure Rundeck for SSL/HTTPS support, and assumes you are using the rundeck-launcher standalone launcher.  If you are using RPM/DEB install, refer to the appropriate configuration file paths from [[page:administration/configuration/config-file-reference.md#configuration-layout]].
```
should use `[[page:...` link for correct URL
